Tweak debug message (#481)
exercism/elm: exercises/shared/.docs/debug.md

# Debug

You can use [Debug.log](https://package.elm-lang.org/packages/elm/core/latest/Debug#log) to attach messages to failing tests, like so:

```elm
preparationTimeInMinutes : Int -> Int
preparationTimeInMinutes numberOfLayers = 
    Debug.log "preparationTimeInMinutes" 2 * numberOfLayers
```

> On a failing test, the attached log will be `preparationTimeInMinutes: 2`.

Author: One of my goals here was to actually log a constant to undermine my previous misunderstanding of "you can't log constants", but yes, we can change the function. How about

```elm
hoursToSeconds : Int -> Int
hoursToSeconds hours =
  let
    secondsInOneHour = Debug.log "secondsInOneHour" (60 * 60)
  in
  hours * secondsInOneHour
```

This is "complex" enough to justify logging a (constant) intermediate value.

We can change the second function to be

```elm
secondsInOneHour : Int
secondsInOneHour =
  Debug.log "secondsInOneHour" (60 * 60)
```

> On a failing test, the attached log will be `preparationTimeInMinutes: 2`.

Reviewer: I very much prefer this new hours and seconds example!

> There is one caveat: top-level functions without parameters (constants) are evaluated only once before tests start running, therefore tests cannot capture their log messages. For example:

Reviewer: Here is an alternative wording, let me know what you think
```suggestion
There is one caveat: calls to `Debug.log` evaluated when the code is loaded instead of when the tests are run cannot be captured and reported in the tests messages. This is the case when called directly in constants definitions such as bellow
```

I'm saying it here this way, because `Debug.log` can be reported even when appearing in the code of a constant, if that code is not executed, like when defining lambdas:
```elm
constantWithLambda =
  { identity = \x -> Debug.log "x" x
  , answer = 42
  }
```
Though I'm not sure if the nuance is needed when the target of this message are people having difficulties with the language

Author: I didn't think of that, yeah, it gets pretty nuanced...

But I feel that "This is the case when called directly in constants definitions" doesn't work because it can still be understood as "constant definitions in a let block", which is the main misunderstanding I want to avoid.

How about "top-level functions without parameters that return constants are ...". It's still a simplification because lambdas can be called constants in FP, but at least it's entering a grey area and beginners wouldn't think of it that way... Maybe? :)

Reviewer: We should probably go with the simplest most probable case and just ignore rare cases of like lambdas within constants.
> There is one caveat: top-level constants are evaluated only once before tests start running, therefore tests cannot capture their log messages. For example:
